hello and welcome back today we're going
to be cooking Torino Nicco Mele dome
which is chicken the rules you could
have the boiled egg that she got get in
there up now prepare in advance but I'm
just doing it all together now start it
with cold water for three eggs and boil
for 1 minute in another pan in water for
cooking dildo noodles and in the third
pan with five cups of water at some
kombu kelp and we're going to make this
suitcase here when you minute is up with
the eggs that then present the hot water
for seven minutes
cut some apalagi interviews I'm using
the third one but you can use also the
third one far more know a few minutes to
remove the excess oil play some dresses
Dougie in water one short cut and remove
the stem drink the eggs peel and slice
set aside when the water's boiling add
new Don follow the instructions in your
package and gently separate the new
rules in the fat where you cooking the
dashi the water comes to a boil reduce
the code and add the bonito flakes one
and half a cup print to a boil when you
don't water is boiling start the cooking
time for one minute remove the bonito
shadings your does she is pretty place
it back in the pan and bring to a boil
the Abu Dhabi is ready so pls stream
once you can press which we're gonna cut
in bite-sized pieces when you're does
she comes to a boil we're going to start
adding hold a cup of soy sauce 2
tablespoons of meeting in 1 tablespoon
of sugar
mix it well and add the chicken a braggy
and shiitake mushrooms when it comes to
a boil now is the time to add they don't
realize which you go to before with
everything for two to three minutes
place everything on a dish bowl and now
you could add your boil eggs and a green
onions the and there you have it
chicken soup tureen only come you don't
I hope you try it at home to see more
recipes like this one please subscribe
share with your friends thanks for
watching eyetality mas